you're watching topid casts and today
you're probably not going to see many
models die I have to be
honest cry is playing as the Force
Commander and we've got potato slicer
who I think is
piano but I'm not entirely
sure and is going to be playing as the
brother captain of the AO
malas he was looking very thin and
slender was the the BC up there what's
that
about
strange is it just me or does he look
small compared to the strike Squad
models when he should be bigger cuz he's
in Terminator armor am I
tripping
guys Scouts ready to earn
fire I swear he looks too
small if these guys are in power armor
and he's in Terminator armor surely he
is too small anyway whatever that that's
the
thing comat but yeah Space Marines
versus AO malas basically mirroring one
another's builds for now early game
massively in favor of AO malas because
strike Squad can easily One V one taxs
and IST can easily one V1
Scouts but the scaling knock back from
the scouts as they get shotguns Plus
plasma guns and tier two attacks you
have options if you can survive the
early
Onslaught let's see if he
can and we shall return so lost a scout
already thanks to storm bolters and the
strike
Squad it's definitely frustrating for
Scouts normally melee units have
terrible sidearms with short range not
the strike
Squad so it's a nine for the squishy
Scouts o got to be careful with the
Tactical Marines here he procs a special
it could be the end of one of them and
he just claimed one didn't he I said
there were going to be no model losses
and it was clear you know he was going
to put the pressure on the BC and force
him off but was it worth risking losing
attack I don't think so and he did lose
attack so that's very unfortunate for
cry so he's lost 105 requisition already
obviously the AO malas haven't lost
anything yet where are the other I oh
the other I are up top so they're going
to rotate down to join the FC oh doesn't
even need it strike Squad here a
manhandling the for
Commander with the support of the IST of
course bit of an odd decision to go for
two IST SES early on I am slightly
confused at what the point of that is
you get the impact grenade which is soft
anti- setup Team Soft anti- melee but
not really good against the main threat
for the IST which is the Tactical
Marines and would be subsequently The
Assault
Squad helps you trade at ranged a bit
better I suppose but the en why do you
need to trade at range better right now
against TS you can just tie them up with
the BC or the strike Squad yeah I find
it an odd priority choice I suppose one
good thing is the impact grenades can do
a lot of anti- Garrison
damage this Garrison and this Garrison
this one and this one can be very
annoying on this map when you're
fighting over the wreck
points will he get the special attack in
time nope too
slow decent damage though impact GR on
Retreat might get a model here he's not
going for it oh he is boom boom yep
another model down oh my God again cry I
don't know if it was worth it to teap
that wreck there for a few
seconds and you've lost 75 requisition
that's certainly not worth it that might
have took
away you know 30 wreck by Dem maturing
the requisition point there from piano I
just call them potato slicer I don't
know if it is piano didn't check the
enemy potato maneuvering us potato not
playing like a potato I have to give it
to them two gens down getting
interceptors now normally if you want
interceptors optimally you wouldn't get
the two gens straight away I assume that
one of these generators was built a bit
later by by cry the reason they've gone
for the two gens prior to the
interceptors is because they've opted
for these upgrades first so when you get
the upgrade generally as a Ru of th for
every upgrade you get you want to get
another gen but sge is quite cheap on
the 15 so can get two of them
technically and only get one more
gen there you go third gen drop down for
both players almost
simultaneously and uh jump squads for
both players so very mirroring builds
here for our Space Marines and AO malas
as I say Space Marines should do a lot
better in tier two sacred standard
buffing the damage of plasma attacks
will be brutal thunderhammer controlling
the melee of the AO malas much more
effectively than the Force Commander
Cannon tier one will also be very
effective
Ive aric armor coming out nice Battle
Cry to dodge the impact grenade knock
back there perfectly timed was like a
perfect Parry in Dark Souls holy
[__] so here comes the
artificer ASM going to jump on the
interceptors they can dodge the jump
with their own teleport beautifully
done they both avoid one another
deploying warar strike how classy
of
course whoever jumps on the other is
going to have a bit of an advantage
because of the guaranteed knock back
from the either the teleport or the jump
but in 1 V one combat the interceptors
will win they have the damage of Raptors
and the health of
ASM so they're just
superior but again scaling is a problem
these guys have no tier 2 AV scaling ASM
in contrast have amazing tier 2 healing
scaling the're healing scal SC wa I'm
just looking at them healing in the base
AV scaling with a melted
bomb much easier for Space Marines to
kill an enemy raiser back than it is for
the Odo Mal to kill a Razer back jeel
snipers ooh these might get them here
yep the damage from the battlecry there
quite effective for the Emperor as well
used on the ASM and the BC gets
slain interesting so he's not going for
notb spam which yeah this this is this
is interesting
so it It's Tricky you might not want the
the shotguns because you can actually
win the melee fight in tier 2 just
utilizing the Thunder Hammer oh but now
he's going for the forar sword as well
what the [__] okay I don't know what
cry's doing
now IST are quite low model units for a
a sort of light infantry ranged unit
so snipers are quite good against them
let's see can the sniper no can't quite
get the strike squ oh he did he just got
the strike Squad model that's worth it
and secure the retreat with an ASM jump
a little bit late there on the uh The
Retreat wow even the the ASM are quite
low on HP strike Squad going to feed
more energy to the interceptors can they
claim some models
here Scout and an ASM God this is
[__] bloody for a Space Marine versus
AO malas game isn't it Jesus I said you
might not see any models getting lost
they're all dropping left right and
center the emperor is rolling around on
his Gray vure
so potato got to tier two a lot sooner
gone for the intercepted justic car I
don't think he realizes quite how far
ahead he is in Tech being as far ahead
as he was obviously a Razer back right
now would be phenomenal but he hasn't
got it he's gone for two justy cars to
win the melee fights so he will win
melee fights but the good thing for cry
is he doesn't need to fight in melee cuz
he's gone for snipers not
shotguns though he's not going to be
able to get these caps in
time the enemy engages
he wishes to fight Brothers let us
indulge them yeah storb is a scary man
you got to respect them
finology unlock beginning Scout snipers
are also
impactful I think this Power sword was a
pretty big mistake should just waited
for tier two got the Thunder Hammer so
much
better obviously he can still get the
Thunder Hammer but then he kind of
wasting
the fact that you already had the power
sword well that's another dead
Scout need to try and wait what inat I'm
not sure why he jumped in
there I guess he issued that order prior
to the Storm Troopers
retreating you got to try and lead with
something else other than the snipers
been up
front oh God the impact grenade kills
another [__] tactical space
Marine attacks are getting wrecked by I
on the
side it
seems not sure need to watch those
engagements a bit better the impact
grenades are so powerful because they
mitigate cover you can't just sit in
green cover if I a running around of
impact grenades it's not that
simple they got the energy for teleport
but they're not committing yet couple of
sniper shots and Retreat I
guess oh they're just going to teleport
out Force Commander grabbed an
Interceptor that's all right wow look at
the
bleed from potato can't afford a new
unit oh I like this build from cry just
going to get pev PV are pretty good on
this map you can have them very far back
here and they can cover the central VP
and then you only have to rotate them a
bit and they can cover here which is
very
strong likewise the same from here they
can cover over here down here and the
VP fight on and drive the enemy
back teleporter Pack huh well that's
nice I guess compete with them in terms
of Mobility I am dead I am
Fearless yeah let's see how this pev
does the good thing about pev as well is
quite good against
transports cuz it's they're quite a a
large Target
it's not too bad to hit
them and it does a lot of damage
especially if it can proc a rare armor
hit but we'll see I don't know oh
they're over here right
now I see yeah interesting so he's got
this ranged build again though this is
where the Thunder Hammer would be
beautiful to counter
initiate plasma gun almost feels like an
inevitability when you're fighting
strike Squad and
interceptors there is the Nemesis Demon
Hammer you just seen nice amount of
Spike damage there when he used that
ground
pound trying to Bonk those tactical
Marines yeah it's a bit desperate with
the pevs so the problem for cry right
now is he's got some good harass on he's
doing a decent amount of damage ranged
but oh nice
Dodge he's unable to hold ground though
snipers are doing the Poke but the IC
just run forward and force them
away isolated FC needs to be careful now
he's going to have to get out of there
yeah ready plasma
gun yeah it's a good
engagement oh [__] that friendly fire
from the pev a little bit late there
mate [__] sake
he got a bit of time he can get a Decap
but it's so risky when you've only got
one model Scouts running around and
potato is going tier three yikes what
he's not even going on the VP what is he
doing dude you really need to hurry up
and Decap that VP does pick up a plasma
gun find it odd that he prioritized the
sergeant prior to the plasma gun but
okay can the PF hit
no we are losing a requisition point to
the enemy swing in a Miss no blow will
go uned we have 200 wow please pev oh
Vengeance round Devastators that's
interesting to cover the
pev
okay I meet the snipers once again and
Route them they didn't go for the VP
which I find absolutely
bewildering given cry is now down to 188
VPS and dropping and potato has barely
lost any and this is really scary
because if the game elong getes too long
in tier three there's potential of Grey
Knights getting multiple Terminators and
even one Terminator is going to be a
pain in the ass to deal
with yeah so you can see the effect
there of the Devastators protecting
it not sure PVS really had to retreat
thereout here save themselves from
losing oh no they didn't even save
themselves from losing a model they
still did the good thing about having
the PF still in play would be that it
would deny any cap in the mid but
fortunately for cry there is nothing
even attempting to cap in the mid but
there could have been a BC coming he
knew the IST wouldn't cuz he knows they
were on the right hand side the eny
that's a bit of a weird Street Path wow
C's now got double
infiltration that is odd thaten they
shoot us in the yeah I
handling the Scout snipers quite well
there but they won't be able to handle
the
attacks the problem is Terminators are
on the way and how what the [__] is cry
going to do against Terminators I really
really do not like this build from cry I
really feel like this Force Commander
could be putting in a lot more work and
he's just
not under
Fire teleporter packs kind of crazy as
well against grey Knights when they can
drain your energy though he hasn't even
got TOS of Titan so he can't even use
the energy burst go ah but you can see
here the Power sword is simply not good
enough little bit late on the battlecry
unfortunately
yeah should be a good fight for the ASM
though oh certainly with that merciless
I'm not sure I think the interceptors
must have got the jump on them got
they've not lost energy they're
absolutely dominating that fight well
maybe the ASM went full HP
but yeah you had some nice over fire
there little M micro there from potato
walks his IST into ASM which is not
ideal but the ASM going to see the
Terminators yeah they fly out of there
they do not want any of that hell no
they do not want that at
all let's see ta's out in the open right
now yeah but the snipers are going to
make those I have to retreat
okay fair
enough look at the size of those halers
yeah again these Terminators are too
small they need upscaling they're too
small they're way too small dude all
right I'm going to report that after
this is crazy look at them they're like
the same size of scout what the
[__] look at this they're way too small
man oh my God they just hacked away and
killed the sergeant instantly on the
attack holy [__] that is not fun I am
death those hals look absolutely
ludicrous they're so long they're like
glaes to Ser got Hammer hand on them so
they're draining the energy of the FC
here but never mind the energy drain
they're draining his [__] HP there he
goes dropped like a sack of
[__] yeah they've always drained
[Music]
energy yeah with the
upgrade Hammer hand upgrade so we we do
have a dreadn clearly cry is stuck in
tier two right now that FC loss was
quite a big deal him teleporting around
the sidelines would have been nice to
try and contend with the map control the
dreadn though will be able to handle
these guys in melee quite well they're
only Power
melee so they only do 15% damage to the
dreadn whereas if they were heavy melee
they' do
50% so they will not be very effective
against the dreadnut and of course he's
got that AOE stun as well Emperor's fist
which can be pretty scary for
Terminators since they cannot
Retreat be very wary as
stuned plasma will do some good damage
to them too but it's going to be hard to
find the opportunity to hit with plasma
when strike Squad interceptors BC are
all present to tie you plasma up never
mind the Terminators
themselves yeah now they're getting into
the
pevs Terminators are committing a bit de
here yeah they want to teleport out of
there that's a b spot for the
ASM God they thought they were safe
jumping over the heads of the turmes you
see even the stone Ballers on these guys
are pretty scary I'm going to jump away
again good map control from potato here
constantly keeping his IST moving down
the sidelines literally all game really
good IST
usage kept them busy ASM probably just
want to get back to base and heal to be
honest what's what's this all about
running around with this much HP
there's the battlecry is buffing couple
of these
tacks notably the one with the plasma at
least 10es are in Range St I don't know
what that's all about guess they're
scared of the
dreadn nearly take the FC Out ta need to
take over the cap but there's going to
be no time they're just spending their
time okay that was just a PO
reaction I was like is he just mentally
committing to trying to weaken the
Terminators they going to have to leave
the problem is the dreadnots too busy
dealing with Terminators they're not
dealing with interceptors and strike
Squad close range Vengeance rounds they
do pop one Interceptor and
another I think it would have been
better honestly keeping the suppression
in play so then you could have kept the
pev in play grut dreadnut does take down
grut dreadnut what the [__] space r
dreadn does take down one of the grite
Terminators beautiful special attack
from the dreadn it's doing amazing here
problem is got 47 VP still
so I mean he's going to get a [__]
land Raider Crusader I think potato's
kind of trolling at the moment if he
went for Vos Razer back he'd be laughing
that thing could just hunt down the
dreadn rip it to pieces with the twin
link side cannons obviously it's too
fast for a dreadn to be able to compete
with but you would have melter melter
dreadnut plus melter bomb Synergy but
then you go melted dreadn you lose your
melee resist and now that 15% damage
from Terminator hirs is actually quite
significant when you're not debuffing it
with your melee
resists so there's not really a good
option either way for
cry cry has lost his secondary Scout
Squad as well so that's less map control
and only one repair unit yeah just
awkward I mean he's going tier three but
potato slicer must be just going for a
land Raider Crusader I
guess fortunately for him grite
terminators
they capped at one they are capped at
one right I said earlier that there
might be multiple Terminators I don't
know what I'm on about pretty sure
they're capped at
one because they come out of the base
and because they don't cost red so they
have to be or multiple Terminators to be
a nightmare suppose really what I was
thinking about is that the problem is
that you can have normal Terminators and
then you can drop down paladins as well
from the global bar which would
be
rough wonder if that that's what he's
saving up for I mean that amount of
melee is just going to be ridiculous to
contend
with it's already got so many different
melee squads to fight for God's
sake no armor of the Titan on the
brother Captain probably would be an
effective upgrade huge increase to his
max HP little bit of HP regen as well
which he'd clearly enjoy most
importantly can go temporarily Immortal
which is very good for forcing caps
especially when your opponent only has
120 VPS
now Plasma's wasting it shots on the BC
he needs to be shooting the Terminators
at the
BC Vanguard all right Vanguard are all
right they've got power melee weapons
for the emperor on them too so they will
actually hurt these Terminators quite a
bit Vanguard probably want to jump over
and deal with the ist
oh [__] hell s Canon interceptors
yeah that's a an option for a isn't it
tier three a bit of a strange one what's
this paladins
2 oh my God yeah oh no ooh nice pev shot
though holy
[__] this is just so much damage to try
and chunk through it's a
problem and only having one Scout is is
not great
BC is in there STS the
attacks
yeah sure what you can do here really
that shall see our Mercy well paladins
you are quite loud aren't you our own
has died the enemy must pay kept the BC
in play that was a bit
strange wow jumping after them going
after the BC no just trying to put the
pressure on the paladins
but what the [__] was that combat
brothers that was a very strange shock
wave orbital bombardment
really wow he catches them with an
orbital bombardment and he's just going
to leave them they don't die do they
they going to die from that no yeah
they're too
tough wow it killed two paladins though
holy [__]
wow lack of repair support though for
the
dreadn does have dark AG of technology
which is lovely and all that the extra
HP but [__] me it's going to take
forever to repair this thing to full HP
again it keeps the Vanguard around to
deal with interceptors that could be
effective all the power melee will will
certainly get rid of interceptors quite
fast your yeah C's bled quite a bit here
though not able to fully reinforce these
pevs rotates The Dread back down to
protect the pevs pevs obviously will
cover the central VP F Commander was
rotating around the left and it looks
like Vanguard are going to try and push
the
right not sure who will win this fight
enemy points remain these guys have got
the level Advantage so they can proc
specials vanguards can't obviously
vanguards aren't full HP right now if
they're full HP I'm pretty sure they'll
Stomp the strike Squad even with the
strike Squad having the special
Advantage the power melee DPS of these
guys is just too
much rotates the tax to support Predator
coming out Predator can cover the left
hand side and then the Force Commander
can have a bit of rest
bite CHR still in it how the [__] has he
got a predator
out
honestly plasma gun missing mostly so
far there's a good hit from
it will
again oh did he just wipe a IST
Squad I think he might have just wiped
an IST Squad in the middle there with
the very nice Force commanders
present but we are the hammer active on
the strike Squad there giving them a bit
more Dr they do lose a strike model but
yeah Space Marines are routed fost Mana
stairs in play though just teleports
around like I say the uh Predator comes
out forces off the interceptors CAU with
their swords out and they're pants
down understood this is the awkward
thing running around trying to cap with
the scouts but he also much repairs now
he's got two vehicles as
well wow great night termin oh [__]
hell I was just confused then cuz the
grite Terminators didn't get knocked
over I thought grite Terminators were
immune to Ability knock back no just the
pev is no longer doing ability knock
back itself like any other artillery in
tier 2 God Paladin shut up we get
it with the
hammer so vangard need to jump forward
yeah ignore all these Terminators they
are taking some really good chip damage
here with plasma and the um the Predator
blasting them with a cannon but you need
to stop the cap that's the most
important thing right now can they proc
a special on the IST let's see no so
they're going to jump away they're going
to pressure the natural least pull some
of these units of potato to the side
still no real AV on the field what's
going on here where's the side cannons
gone need to pull out some side cannons
on these interceptors Paladin of course
do have heavy melee but no good fighting
a dreadn really it's too tough
especially with the dark AG of
Technology yeah Pelin are just going to
be bleeding man ta are capping and
they've got a big damage Boost from the
Power
sword plasma will hurt
but strike Squad have sneaked in again
and got the natural but Vanguard have
got the natural off
potato he's using the teleporter pack
well yeah he's using it well and
honestly in these fights now with the
Terminators the Power sword is probably
even better than the Thunder Hammer the
difference in the damage from the
Thunder hammer and the Power sword is
negligable the whole point of the BC in
these fights is to buff up the attack
damage and the the Power sword will buff
it more than the Thunder Hammer wow C I
can afford a second Predator holy [__] I
guess he hasn't been bleeding at all has
he cuz he's not fully reinforcing these
squads you'll
notice
smart bosses off the strike Squad they
need to pay attention might lose a model
there oh lucky oh there was an extra
swing I don't know how he swung from
that distance what the [__] not yeah he
needs some repairs another Predator
coming out interesting potato's bleeding
too much unable to get a beo which is
obviously what he needs right now to
deal with The
Predator need a conversion
Beamer tax should just Retreat so that
they can fire freely in the of the
base this is now precarious for the
dreadnut nothing to deal with the
interceptors where is the Vanguard
they're at the other side of the map
unfortunately so they get the stun on
the termes
pys yeah getting shot in the back meets
the Vanguard present of the FC but
unfortunately they're not in the right
position oh going to lose the dreadn sad
it did so
well now he's got double Predators
though they're not quite so good at
tangoing in melee with the terminat
they might not quite so good they can
[__] do
it BC probably wants to get on the VP
not be chasing around the Force
Commander contributing negligible damage
good job for the
Vanguard
ofs yeah finally holy armor of Titan
there you go 250 Max HP HP regen you can
see while he's got the shield on he's in
vulnerable very good for these VP
situations but I like this play atts
already know what the drill is predators
are going to force him off they're going
to get on the VP cap of 50%
faster [__] hell if CRI makes a
comeback here this is incredible ready
to
serve sniper damage quite irrelevant at
this
point Vanguard let's see how they do
with a merciless strike oh and certainly
with a predator walking over this is an
easy easy fight for the Vanguard and
near level two which will be pretty
amazing obviously you get percentage
based Buffs when you level up so if the
unit that is getting those percentage
based Buffs is stronger the actual
impact of leveling up is going to be
even
better these guys already have a lot of
HP and a lot of DPS so that percentage
base buff from leveling up you know you
really start to get a very very powerful
unit and level four Vanguard I mean they
can definitely put pain on the paladins
I'd like to see level four Vanguard
versus paladins and see who comes out on
top I guess the paladins would win but
it'd be tight man the problem is of
course Vanguard can Retreat paladins
can't so never mind retreat they can
[__] double jump triple jump if
they're level
four so yeah very strong
unit here is peration couldn't fully
reinforce the IST just running around
them with a s in order to cap the
map got no requisition you see for the
beam beam coming out finally but FC
doing a good job zoning and
scouting and both the Predators split on
each side of the map makes it quite hard
for the Beamer needs to make a
decision right now it can't go through
the mid it's just going to get tied up
by the
FC so pretty nice macro positioning here
from cry I wonder what the next purchase
will
be probably land Raider can't be that
far off no I think another Predator
would be a little bit redundant I'm not
sure Terminators would really have much
value actually know what am I'm talking
about is a forse commander he can go
melee Terminators I was only thinking
about range ones yeah you should get
lightning claw Terminators [__]
it they would actually be either of the
Grey Knight Terminators in melee
combat cuz they don't have all the
utility there you go Beamer just gets
jumped by the vangard
what's that dealt
with where the Terminators come on cry
you got has he got the red yeah he does
there they are
beautiful
beautiful so they do want to come out
with the storm
Shields and that is one of the Predators
getting took down here mind blades on
the paladins too for more damage but
they got to get out [__] hell they
don't want to fight Thunder Hammer
Terminators and Vanguard that's
ridiculous with a predator firing in on
them as well
gacal of absolution gets dropped but I
mean but HP regen on Terminators is not
going to be that big of a deal and
you'll notice as well for the emperor on
the assault Terminators
there not sure what the cost is for
lightning claws but I definitely think
it would be worth it right now maybe
he's just staying the Thunder hammer for
the durability it gives you more HP
regen and more max HP and yeah if the
enemy are just sitting there trying to
tank you in
melee but you've got plasma attack
firing in Vanguard attacking away and a
predator and snipers these are all
pretty decent they're taking out
Terminators wow two grite Terminators
dropped holy [__] he's going to win this
isn't he what a lad how the
hell wow the Beamer gets
wrecked paladins Terminators they've got
no nothing left 150 requisition to
reinforce the Paladin yikes and yeah
look at the HP regen thanks to having
Thunder Hammer stor Shield
so he can keep these in play yeah
beautiful
genius just gorgeous Play All Around
Scouts weren't even Decap him but he
doesn't even need
it what a comeback how the hell did he
do
that vanguards did amazing nearly level
three by the
end
damn get the Decap there stuns the turm
he's got his Immortal
probably and you know what the Power
sword teleporting FC did all right in
the end he did all
right get the Decap very
nice while interceptors are too busy
trying to deal with some beat up ASM
Squad oh hold on hold on he's going to
lose the uh oh no they didn't even chase
the scouts they just want the the VPS up
plasma attack are back out again oh no
yeah this is this is done
damn boy how the heck did he win that
what an impressive game from cry
wow God
damn how did he make that comeback
absolutely incredible dreadnut did
amazing everything in the late game
there contributed massively surprised
the attacks are not level four the
amount of damage they must have output
onto the the Terminator variant
throughout this game must have been
immense potato
really really messing up by not getting
a v Razer back soon as to deal with that
that dreadnut that
dreadnut it really carried cry's late
game and it allowed him to not bleed too
much even the pevs while they were out
they did so well a nice showcasing of
the power of SM on a map that out argue
was very very good for them but there
you go hope you enjoyed that one that
rather long one
that is all from your Bo top it I am
signing out
[Music]